hey guys welcome to my channel today I'm
gonna answer the question how many
people do I need in a custom audience to
create a look-alike audience now this is
a question that I see answered wrong all
the time and I think Facebook themselves
is a little bit to blame so the official
answer is is that you meet a hundred
people in a custom audience to be able
to create a look-alike audience however
I've heard from my facebook reps that
the optimal amount to have in these
custom audiences is actually around a
thousand which is where I think this
major discrepancy is so yes you can
still create look-alikes from custom
audiences that only have a hundred
people but you're gonna get a lot better
results if that number is a little bit
closer to a thousand or just over a
thousand so when you're actually in the
audience section of your Facebook Ads
manager and you're looking at the
audience size of your audiences you're
gonna see that they're not actually
gonna tell you what your actual audience
size is if it's under a thousand it's
only once you reach a thousand people or
more that they're gonna start telling
you how many people are actually in
those audiences and this is to protect
people's privacy in people's data
I guess Facebook thinks that there's a
thousand people and one custom audience
or one custom list that you upload it's
gonna be a lot easier to find those
people and there are some privacy issues
with them so yeah if you've had a
hundred customers buy something from
your Shopify you definitely can't export
those thousand people upload them as a
custom list to your Facebook Ads manager
and create a look like from them but
your results might not be as good as if
you had a thousand or more people okay
guys and that's all thank you so much
for this super short and quick video if
you guys have any questions please leave
them in the comments below